docs: Added readme to CPR. (#1085)
googleapis/python-aiplatform: google/cloud/aiplatform/prediction/README.md

# Vertex AI Prediction: User guide for Custom Prediction Routine

**This is an Experimental release**, covered by the Pre-GA Offerings Terms of your Google Cloud Platform [Terms of Service](https://cloud.google.com/terms).

Experiments are focused on validating a prototype and are not guaranteed to be released. They are not intended for production use or covered by any SLA, support obligation, or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes.

**Kindly drop us a note before you run any scale tests.**

**Do not hesitate to contact vertexai-cpr-feedback@google.com if you have <ins>any</ins> questions or run into <ins>any</ins> issues.**

## Introduction

> On Vertex AI Prediction, users are able to deploy models with either [Prediction’s pre-built containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/pre-built-containers) or [custom containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/use-custom-container). Custom containers are flexible but are difficult to write, build, and maintain. To build custom containers, users need to have the knowledge of model servers, Docker, etc, and may try a few times to get their images working on Vertex Prediction. To address this, Vertex AI Prediction is launching Custom Prediction Routine with Vertex SDK integration, which allows users to easily build custom containers with their own custom Predictor and locally test the built images through SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Vertex AI Prediction, users are able to deploy models with either [Prediction’s pre-built containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/pre-built-containers) or [custom containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/use-custom-container). Custom containers are flexible but are difficult to write, build, and maintain. To build custom containers, users need to have the knowledge of model servers, Docker, etc., and may try a few times to get their images working on Vertex AI Prediction. To address this, Vertex AI Prediction is launching Custom Prediction Routine with Vertex SDK integration, which allows users to easily build custom containers with their own custom Predictor and locally test the built images through SDK.
```

## Introduction

On Vertex AI Prediction, users are able to deploy models with either [Prediction’s pre-built containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/pre-built-containers) or [custom containers](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/predictions/use-custom-container). Custom containers are flexible but have higher barriers. To build custom containers, users need to have the knowledge of model servers, Docker, etc, and may try a few times to get their images working on Vertex Prediction. Therefore, Vertex Prediction provides Custom Prediction Routine with Vertex SDK integration which allows users to build custom containers with their own custom predictor and locally test the built images through SDK easily.

This is currently an experimental feature and not yet officially supported by the Vertex AI SDK. In this tutorial, we'll be installing the Vertex AI SDK from an experimental branch on github.

## Setup

For the CPR experimental feature, we use the **custom-prediction-routine** branch in the [python-aiplatform](https://github.com/googleapis/python-aiplatform/tree/custom-prediction-routine) repository.

> We recommend installing this library in a [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) using pip. [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) is a tool to create isolated Python environments. The basic problem it addresses is one of dependencies and versions, and indirectly permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing the Vertex AI SDK in a [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) using pip. [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) is a tool to create isolated Python environments and helps manage dependencies and versions, and indirectly permissions.
```

> With [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/), it's possible to install this library without needing system install permissions, and without clashing with the installed system dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/), you can install the Vertex AI SDK without system install permissions, and avoid conflicts with the existing installed system dependencies.
```
